Add proxy support for registry cache (#246)
gardener/gardener-extension-registry-cache: docs/usage/registry-cache/configuration.md

The `providerConfig.caches[].secretReferenceName` is the name of the reference for the Secret containing the upstream registry credentials. To cache images from a private registry, credentials to the upstream registry should be supplied. For more details, see [How to provide credentials for upstream registry](upstream-credentials.md#how-to-provide-credentials-for-upstream-registry).

The `providerConfig.caches[].proxy.httpProxy` field contains settings for a proxy which is used by the registry cache.

> The registry-cache extension sets this value as `HTTP_PROXY` ENV in the StatefulSet.

Reviewer: IMO this is an implementation detail and shouldn't be part of the external docs. Today it is env var of a StatefulSet, tomorrow it can be something else on a Deployment for example.
At the end, end users should be interested on what the field does but not how it is implemented under the hood.

```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

> The `providerConfig.caches[].proxy.httpProxy` field contains settings for a proxy which is used by the registry cache.
> The registry-cache extension sets this value as `HTTP_PROXY` ENV in the StatefulSet.
> 
> The `providerConfig.caches[].proxy.httpsProxy` field contains settings for a proxy which is used by the registry cache.
> The registry-cache extension sets this value as `HTTPS_PROXY` ENV in the StatefulSet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `providerConfig.caches[].proxy.httpProxy` field represents the HTTP proxy server which is used by the registry cache.

The `providerConfig.caches[].proxy.httpsProxy` field represents the HTTPS proxy server proxy which is used by the registry cache.
```

Author: fixed
